OSDOCS-17035: Alibaba install CQA (#115189)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/alibaba-ai-installing.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="alibaba-ai-installing_{context}"]
= Process outline for creating a cluster with the {ai-full}

[role="_abstract"]

> The installation process involves using both the {ai-full} and the {alibaba} consoles.

Reviewer: Make it user-centric. 

```suggestion
You can install an {product-title} cluster on {alibaba} by using both the {ai-full} and the {alibaba} consoles.
```
